React Native allows you to use react to build native iOS and Android applications.
Sounds too good to be true. Well, it isn't.
Companies like Walmart, Airbnb,
and Tesla are all using React Native in some capacity on their mobile applications.
In my opinion though,
React Native is even more beneficial to smaller startups.
Instead of having a web team, an iOS team,
and an Android team, with React Native,
you can just have a single UI team.
This not only saves the organization a lot of money but also developer hours as well.
Now, you may have heard the phrase,
write once, run anywhere, before.
The idea of this is that it would be nice if you could use a single code base on the web,
on iOS, and on Android.
In practice though, this is pretty difficult.
This is because each of those platforms have such a unique experience.
Unlike write once, run anywhere,
React Native's motto is,
learn once, write anywhere.
Once you learn React,
you should be able to take those same principles and not only build UI for the web,
but also for native platforms like iOS and Android.
So instead of sharing the same codebase amongst all the different platforms,
we're sharing the same principles.
Things like component composition and declarative UI.